README.md, before:

# probability-theory-lecture-notes

**Lecture notes of Probability Theory** ( Spring Semester of 2018 - Prof. Wu )  
Before pushing your modifications, please sent your *Github Username* to *ZhouFan* first.

- **Files**

| Name | Description |
| - | - |
| Lecture Notes Example | *Templates prepared for the Lecture Notes writers.* |
| Lecture Notes | *The notes finished.* |
| Reference Material | *Additional documents for questions.* |
| Reference Notes | *Some Class Notes for reference.* |
| Research on Questions | *Thoughts and Solutions provided by students.* |

- **Lecture Notes Finished**
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 1](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/1/Lecture%20Notes%20for%20Probability%20Theory%20-%20Class%201.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 2](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/2/Probability_Theory_Note2.pdf) - 肖云轩
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 3](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/3/Probability_Theory_Note3-First_Draft.pdf) - 周久钦
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 4](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/4/Probability_Theory_Note4.pdf) - 吴章昊
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 5](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/5/Probability_Theory_Note5.pdf) - 金之涵
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 7](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/6/Note%20of%20Probability%20Lesson%206.pdf) - 段宇轩
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 7](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/7/Lecture%20Notes%20for%20Probability%20Theory%20-%20Class%207.pdf) - 巫宇威
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 8](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/8/Lecture%20Notes%20for%20Probability%20Theory%20-%20Class%208.pdf) - 丁尧尧
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 9](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/9/9.pdf) - 郝琰
- **Reference Notes**
  - [Notes for Class 1](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/1/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B001-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 2](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/2/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B002-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 2 (Correct the solution for Hat Puzzle)](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/2/Elementary%20Probability-%E5%90%B4%E7%AB%A0%E6%98%8A.pdf) - 吴章昊
  - [Notes for Class 3](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/3/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B003-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 4](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/ccd2ee39003e9647c08d957b7a457f6218affeac/Reference%20Notes/4/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B004-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 5](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/5/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B005-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 6](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/facf3577daf627b5924a5614a70a8162cd503f4d/Reference%20Notes/6/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B006-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 7](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/7/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B007-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 8](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/098822dbb3d60f2d64658db17522ddeef1cb98d9/Reference%20Notes/8/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B008-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 9](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/9/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B009-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 10](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/10/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B010-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 12](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/ac75d73a3dc9ea3c7ff03bcb34fc0a1fbc06da98/Reference%20Notes/12/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B012-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠

- **Research on Questions**
  - Class 1:
    - [Solution](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/1/Solution_%E7%8E%8B%E5%A4%A9%E5%93%B2.pdf) - 王天哲
    - [解答与想法](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/1/%E8%A7%A3%E7%AD%94%E4%B8%8E%E6%83%B3%E6%B3%95-%E5%90%B4%E7%AB%A0%E6%98%8A.pdf) - 吴章昊
    - [Solution](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/1/Solution_%E4%B8%81%E5%B0%A7%E5%B0%A7.pdf) - 丁尧尧
    - [Data for Interval Problems](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/ccd2ee39003e9647c08d957b7a457f6218affeac/Research%20on%20Questions/1/Data%20for%20Interval%20Problems/small_data.pdf) - 金之涵
  - Class 3:
    - [Solution](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/3/Solution_%E7%8E%8B%E5%A4%A9%E5%93%B2.pdf) - 王天哲
    - [Some Thoughts and Solutions](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/3/Thoughts_%E9%87%91%E4%B9%8B%E6%B6%B5.pdf) - 金之涵
    - [A thought to P(AB!=C|ABr=Cr)](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/3/Thoughts_%E4%B8%81%E5%B0%A7%E5%B0%A7.pdf) - 丁尧尧 
    - [Thoughts](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/3/Thoughts_%E5%90%B4%E7%AB%A0%E6%98%8A.pdf) - 吴章昊
    - [对猎犬问题的补充](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/3/thoughts_Xu.pdf) - 徐子昊
    - [日出问题](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/1/Sunrise_problem.pdf) - 林耘丰
  - Class 4:
    - [Solutions](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/4/Solutions-Lecture-4-%E8%8C%83%E8%88%9F.pdf) - 范舟
    - [Solutions](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/4/Thoughts_%E6%9D%8E%E6%B2%90%E9%98%B3.pdf) - 李沐阳
  - Class 6:
    - [A proof for Weierstrass Approximation Theorem](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/tree/master/Research%20on%20Questions/6/Proof_for_Weierstrass_Approximation_Theorem.pdf) - 肖云轩
    - [Proofs for Chernoff-Hoeffding Theorem](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/tree/master/Research%20on%20Questions/6/Proofs_for_Chernoff-Hoeffding_Theorem.pdf) - 肖云轩  
  - Class 7:
    [A solution for the homework (need help! It seems that a opposite conclusion has been proved)](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/tree/master/Research%20on%20Questions/7/Solution_for_the_HW.pdf) - 吴章昊 
  - Class 8:
    [Some Simple Thoughts](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/8/SomeThoughts_Pascalprimer.pdf) - 金之涵

- **Reference Material**
  - [The Sleeping Beauty Controversy](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Material/The%20Sleeping%20Beauty%20Controversy.pdf)

Commit message:

recommend pull request work flow

README.md, after:

# probability-theory-lecture-notes

**Lecture notes of Probability Theory** ( Spring Semester of 2018 - Prof. Wu )  
To make a contribution to this repository, you can:
- make a fork of the repository, add changes to your fork and then create a pull request
- or you can contact 范舟 for direct write access

- **Files**

| Name | Description |
| - | - |
| Lecture Notes Example | *Templates prepared for the Lecture Notes writers.* |
| Lecture Notes | *The notes finished.* |
| Reference Material | *Additional documents for questions.* |
| Reference Notes | *Some Class Notes for reference.* |
| Research on Questions | *Thoughts and Solutions provided by students.* |

- **Lecture Notes Finished**
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 1](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/1/Lecture%20Notes%20for%20Probability%20Theory%20-%20Class%201.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 2](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/2/Probability_Theory_Note2.pdf) - 肖云轩
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 3](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/3/Probability_Theory_Note3-First_Draft.pdf) - 周久钦
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 4](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/4/Probability_Theory_Note4.pdf) - 吴章昊
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 5](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/5/Probability_Theory_Note5.pdf) - 金之涵
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 7](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/6/Note%20of%20Probability%20Lesson%206.pdf) - 段宇轩
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 7](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/7/Lecture%20Notes%20for%20Probability%20Theory%20-%20Class%207.pdf) - 巫宇威
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 8](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/8/Lecture%20Notes%20for%20Probability%20Theory%20-%20Class%208.pdf) - 丁尧尧
  - [Lecture Notes for Class 9](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Lecture%20Notes/9/9.pdf) - 郝琰
- **Reference Notes**
  - [Notes for Class 1](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/1/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B001-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 2](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/2/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B002-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 2 (Correct the solution for Hat Puzzle)](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/2/Elementary%20Probability-%E5%90%B4%E7%AB%A0%E6%98%8A.pdf) - 吴章昊
  - [Notes for Class 3](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/3/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B003-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 4](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/ccd2ee39003e9647c08d957b7a457f6218affeac/Reference%20Notes/4/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B004-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 5](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/5/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B005-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 6](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/facf3577daf627b5924a5614a70a8162cd503f4d/Reference%20Notes/6/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B006-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 7](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/7/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B007-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 8](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/098822dbb3d60f2d64658db17522ddeef1cb98d9/Reference%20Notes/8/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B008-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 9](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/9/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B009-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 10](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Notes/10/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B010-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠
  - [Notes for Class 12](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/ac75d73a3dc9ea3c7ff03bcb34fc0a1fbc06da98/Reference%20Notes/12/%E6%A6%82%E7%8E%87%E8%AE%BA%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B012-LYK.pdf) - 李怿铠

- **Research on Questions**
  - Class 1:
    - [Solution](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/1/Solution_%E7%8E%8B%E5%A4%A9%E5%93%B2.pdf) - 王天哲
    - [解答与想法](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/1/%E8%A7%A3%E7%AD%94%E4%B8%8E%E6%83%B3%E6%B3%95-%E5%90%B4%E7%AB%A0%E6%98%8A.pdf) - 吴章昊
    - [Solution](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/1/Solution_%E4%B8%81%E5%B0%A7%E5%B0%A7.pdf) - 丁尧尧
    - [Data for Interval Problems](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/ccd2ee39003e9647c08d957b7a457f6218affeac/Research%20on%20Questions/1/Data%20for%20Interval%20Problems/small_data.pdf) - 金之涵
  - Class 3:
    - [Solution](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/3/Solution_%E7%8E%8B%E5%A4%A9%E5%93%B2.pdf) - 王天哲
    - [Some Thoughts and Solutions](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/3/Thoughts_%E9%87%91%E4%B9%8B%E6%B6%B5.pdf) - 金之涵
    - [A thought to P(AB!=C|ABr=Cr)](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/3/Thoughts_%E4%B8%81%E5%B0%A7%E5%B0%A7.pdf) - 丁尧尧 
    - [Thoughts](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/3/Thoughts_%E5%90%B4%E7%AB%A0%E6%98%8A.pdf) - 吴章昊
    - [对猎犬问题的补充](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/3/thoughts_Xu.pdf) - 徐子昊
    - [日出问题](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/1/Sunrise_problem.pdf) - 林耘丰
  - Class 4:
    - [Solutions](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/4/Solutions-Lecture-4-%E8%8C%83%E8%88%9F.pdf) - 范舟
    - [Solutions](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/4/Thoughts_%E6%9D%8E%E6%B2%90%E9%98%B3.pdf) - 李沐阳
  - Class 6:
    - [A proof for Weierstrass Approximation Theorem](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/tree/master/Research%20on%20Questions/6/Proof_for_Weierstrass_Approximation_Theorem.pdf) - 肖云轩
    - [Proofs for Chernoff-Hoeffding Theorem](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/tree/master/Research%20on%20Questions/6/Proofs_for_Chernoff-Hoeffding_Theorem.pdf) - 肖云轩  
  - Class 7:
    [A solution for the homework (need help! It seems that a opposite conclusion has been proved)](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/tree/master/Research%20on%20Questions/7/Solution_for_the_HW.pdf) - 吴章昊 
  - Class 8:
    [Some Simple Thoughts](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Research%20on%20Questions/8/SomeThoughts_Pascalprimer.pdf) - 金之涵

- **Reference Material**
  - [The Sleeping Beauty Controversy](https://github.com/ACM-Class-2016/probability-theory-lecture-notes/blob/master/Reference%20Material/The%20Sleeping%20Beauty%20Controversy.pdf)
